Lady Lord
back veer
kern kern
mesic xeric
recto verso
abient adient
accept refuse
distal mesial
efflux influx
exhale inhale
figure ground
gabled hipped
linear planar
loudly softly
vernal wintry
abaxial adaxial
abience adience
aggrade degrade
anapsid diapsid
angular rounded
aqueous igneous
cauline radical
defence offence
diploid haploid
ecdemic endemic
federal unitary
flatten sharpen
heavily lightly
newness oldness
noisily quietly
obverse reverse
succumb survive
abducent adducent
afferent efferent
allogamy autogamy
antrorse retrorse
attached detached
binaural monaural
boldness timidity

dethrone enthrone
effector receptor
esoteric exoteric
futurity pastness
hardball softball
hardness softness
infernal supernal
loudness softness
maternal paternal
maximise minimise
abaxially adaxially
acropetal basipetal
aestivate hibernate
altricial precocial
approbate reprobate
cursorial fossorial
exaugural inaugural
exclusion inclusion
exclusive inclusive
extensive intensive
extrinsic intrinsic
extrovert introvert
extrusive intrusive
majuscule minuscule
maximally minimally
monophony polyphony
absorbable adsorbable
abstemious gluttonous
acarpelous carpellate
acroscopic basiscopic
allogeneic xenogeneic
anadromous diadromous
antemortem postmortem
antonymous synonymous
apocarpous syncarpous
autogamous endogamous
autologous homologous
background foreground
beneficent maleficent
benignancy malignancy
beseeching imperative
binaurally monaurally
blunt_file taper_file
bottle-fed breast-fed
bottlefeed breastfeed
cismontane tramontane
complexity simplicity
confidence diffidence
decreasing increasing
diachronic synchronic
dissuasion persuasion
dissuasive persuasive
expatriate repatriate
explicitly implicitly
externally internally
extramural intramural
fortissimo pianissimo
generalist specialist
generosity stinginess
hard_water soft_water
heavy-duty light-duty
integrated segregated
interstate intrastate
keep_track lose_track
live_birth stillbirth
monogamous polygamous
monophonic polyphonic
monotheism polytheism
monovalent polyvalent
mortal_sin venial_sin
negativity positivity
nidicolous nidifugous
oleophilic oleophobic
permissive preventive
publicized suppressed
rural_area urban_area
Anglophilia Anglophobia
attributive predicative
beneficence maleficence
benevolence malevolence
calcicolous calcifugous
carnivorous herbivorous
centrifugal centripetal
coldhearted warmhearted
common_noun proper_noun
competition cooperation
conjunctive disjunctive
defensively offensively
digitigrade plantigrade
ectomorphic endomorphic
ectomorphic mesomorphic
endomorphic mesomorphic
exculpatory inculpatory
hardhearted softhearted
hydrophilic hydrophobic
inferiority superiority
integration segregation
intra_vires ultra_vires
lower-class upper-class
matriarchal patriarchal
mononuclear trinucleate
permanently temporarily
pigeon-toed splayfooted
poor_people rich_people
rh-negative rh-positive
technophile technophobe
abstractness concreteness
acceleration deceleration
accidentally deliberately
ambidextrous right-handed
antagonistic conciliatory
antemeridian postmeridian
appreciation depreciation
benevolently malevolently
cold-blooded warm-blooded
debilitating invigorating
deflationary inflationary
derivational inflectional
extraversion introversion
extroversive introversive
heavy-footed light-footed
hypertensive normotensive
interspecies intraspecies
maximization minimization
monotheistic polytheistic
allochthonous autochthonous
extracellular intracellular
extrospective introspective

